Yeah.
Your Zhang family
Why do you want Nanshanping's land so much?
What did you say uncle
I don't understand.
The last time you talked to your dad
I've heard it all
The reason why I didn't expose you
Because I've been thinking about a problem
you
Why is that?
It's inconvenient for me to say this.
Then I won't force you.
Let me ask you one more question.
Your feelings for the teacher's scolding
Is it true or false?
Ok I understand
Sorry uncle
Don't be sorry.
You were born with purpose and reality
I can help you get that weapon
But I have one condition.
What kind of condition?
I don't care what you love or not
But I hope you can get married
Don't worry, no matter what happens.
I must go somewhere
What? Just sign and stamp it
The second uncle is our own
Can I still trick you?
Let's talk about so many terms
You have to see when to go
It's okay, please take your time.
But I must warn you
The end of the month is coming soon
If you don't sign the contract today
I have to reapply next month
5,0005 I have money now